Vogels bread

by /u/CaoilfhionnFlailing
https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/pa8k86/homemade_vogels_for_the_desperate/

This is my recipe, it took me a good few months to get it to where I wanted it and I've posted it before but what with the bread sitch, it seemed like a good time to pop it back up.

This recipe makes two small loaves worth and is great for toast.

Here's the faux-gels recipe:
20g white sugar
780ml lukewarm water
10g yeast
50g rolled oats
50g linseed
75g pumpkin seed
100g sunflower seed
1/2 t ground pepper
100g rye flour
300g wholemeal flour
250g high grade flour
15g salt (add last as it kills yeast)
20ml olive oil (for greasing the tins and making crunchy lightly fried crusts)

Pour sugar, water and yeast into mixing bowl and let sit for a few minutes then start adding ingredients one by one starting with the oats and working up to the flour, add the salt last but do not forget it. I did that once. Do not recommend. We were slathering on the marmite that week.

Once all the ingredients are added, mix on medium speed with the paddle in a stand mixer for about 10 minutes. It should look like paper-mache so if it's too dry add a tablespoon of water.

Once the 10 mins are up, it'll have developed some gluten and start to have the texture of wet tearing paper, switch to the bread hook attachment and mix for a further 5 mins.

Oil up two smallish bread tins. The ones I use you can get at moore wilsons for about $6 each.

Divide the mixture evenly between the two bread tins and let rest on the bench for about 30 minutes. Gotta let the gluten rest before cooking or else it'll mess up the texture of the bread.

Once its rested, turn the oven on to the lowest setting, literally the earliest point the oven will turn on, and leave to rise until the dough starts to hit the top of the tin. Then turn the oven up to 200C and go find something else to do for 45 minutes.

Once it's done, turn out onto a cooling rack and once it's cool cut it up and freeze it or just let your family cut bits off as needed.
It'll last on the bench or in a pantry for 3-5 days.
