Need to think of a name for the KC project. Purchase a domain name? Register with stripe. 

Env vars should only be available to the services that use them. Keep ing all vars in a single .env file is a bad idea, now the database server has access to the encryption keys!

Services should really be in docker containers. We will need to bundle nginx inside docker, so that we can expose a single port that manages hasura and webhooks. 

It would be nice to just have hasura route webhooks to us, but it mangles the bytes in the process so we can't do Signature Verification with Stripe. 

kc-web is going well

We will need to add some way of enabling/disabling a DCA order, such as an enabled_at column

We should implement custom timers for DCA orders, i.e run every minute, or every day

We should implement limits, we could use these to implement two tiers of plans:
- how many DCA orders an account can have running at once?
- how many DCA orders can an account have, including disabled orders?
- how many exchanges can a user have configured?
- how frequently can a DCA order be executed?
- how many days do we keep a users order history around for?

More market data?
Could track more US exchanges?

More exchanges?
Is it possible to integrate with EasyCrypto (unlikely, they don't hold cash deposits, right?) or BitPrime (unknown). 

Are there any other exchanges in NZ?

What about AUD exchanges? Independebt Reserve charges $20 per deposit! They do have their own autotrader system, that is worth investigating:

https://blog.independentreserve.com/knowledge-base/how-does-the-autobuy-strategy-work

Swyftx? Haven't heard of them before:
https://swyftx.com/nz/fees/

https://blog.independentreserve.com/knowledge-base/how-does-the-autoschedule-strategy-work


A new entry to DCA History should be created on each execution, even if no order is created. The order_uid field will be null, but we could also add explicit new columns, such as "order_created" and "description", maybe even calculated values? Basically everything useful we get from the logs should be teacked in that table