Sunday 10 Jan 2021
==================

video: https://youtu.be/WXC4jOV6Cko

...

Still getting used to typing 2021.

- Starting the day at 8am. What can I change to wake up earlier? I need more
  light in the morning.
- Working on cleaning up the mish monorepo, all the packages now pass the
  linting rules - still a few packages that need tests fixed.
- Heading into town for the Rotorua Farmers Market at 10am. Bought a medium
  sized punnet of Blueberries and a flat white coffee. I brought my chromebook
  with me to take some notes.
- Zoe Scott is performing at the market today (@whoiszoescott).
- Ran into Matthew G. and his mother walking through town.
- boating adventures
- Eating a summer salad for lunch in the backyard, reading the final chapters of
  "Perihelion Summer".
- Mum made pizzas for dinner, super tasty
- Evening walk around the golf course, picking up a bunch of trash. Came across
  a broken glass bowl sitting on the grass by a driveway -- super dangerous!
- I made a Pavlova for desert -- there was an issue with the oven and the base
  got rather burnt, but with a dollop of whipped cream and fresh blueberries,
  it tasted fine!
- Watching episode 7 of Death Note

Boating
-------

Planning to catch up with Anna and Chris G today -- aiming for sometime around
1. It's not looking like a lot of wind today, so we will probably just use the
motor and have an explore around one of the lakes.

Going to bike over to Friskin Pl. Arrived there around 11:30am. Chris had the
boat ready to go and we drove out to Lake Okareka. It was just Chris and
myself, Anna was staying home.

It was a little busy at the Boat Ramp (-38.176780, 176.348228). Keith from the
council checked our boat for any weeds, but the boat was clean. We prepped the
mast for sailing and launched the boat into the water. There were several kids
jumping off the wooden jetty, so we kept the boat to the right and away from
them.

We jumped onboard and Chris used the motor, a new 4-stroke 8HP Suzuki, to get
us out past the 5 knot mark. There was a slight breeze so we hoisted the sail,
but the wind soon disappeared so we lowered the sail and motored around the
headland going further into the lake. Here the wind was a bit stronger and we
were soon sailing at a whopping 6km/h over to the opposite side.

We landed at small sandy bay (-38.179354, 176.371738), brought the boat up on
the sand and  went for a swim. The water was very warm and we spent a good time
just paddling around. After we dried ourselves off, we had some snacks and then
prepared to sail back to the boat ramp.

It was a gentle sail, but I really enjoyed it. I would like to contact the
Rotorua Yacht Club and see what I would need to do to hire one of their Laser
boats for an afternoon. Membership is $80 and boat hire is only $20 -- so it's
far cheaper than buying a boat and having to sort out trailers and storage.

By the time we had packed up and driven back to Lynmore, it was 3pm. I helped
Chris put the boat away and then cycled home.

Dogs
----

While cycling through the redwood forest I was passing by a group of people, so
I slowed down and gave them a wide berth. Suddenly a black dog ran in front of
my bike, I slammed on the brakes but collided with the dog and I went flying
over the handlebars, rolling out of the fall to avoid hurting myself. I brushed
myself and asked if the dog was alright, expecting it to have been injured. The
owner said the dog was fine and that he would have yelped if he had been hurt.
Silly dog.

In the future I will be far more cautious around dogs when cycling.

Travel
------

I've got tickets for James to fly down to Wellington on the 28th Jan.

I need to book my own travel route -- I'm not sure if I'm going to be taking
the bus or flying down with him.

I'd like to get my work with Mish finished before I leave Rotorua -- it's very
tempting to head off but I know I have more time for programming when I am
home.

Music
-----

I should checkout latest Tiny Ruins album "Olympic Girls".

Going to create a list of music to checkout. See [[ /lists/music_todo.txt ]]
