Friday 15 Jan 2021
==================

I did it! I woke up at 6:30am!
Just need to do this at least 3 more times in a row before it will start to
stick.

schedule
---------

Cycling into town at 9am. Working from the Artisan Cafe this morning.

Standup at 10am. Walking around town because it was too noisy in the cafe.

Swimming from 10:30am to 11am. Found that turning my body makes it easier to
breathe, plus it's better if I exhale constantly between breaths, rather than
taking a big gulp.

Working from the Public Library until midday. Borrowing a physical copy of the
"Northern Lights" to encourage me to finish reading it. 

Lunch at home. Indulging in dark chocolate digestives while listening to "On
The Metal" podcast with Jonathan Blow.

Working from home, it's so hot -- 30° in my office!

Friday Drinks with the team.

Cycling out to the Arawa Park Raceway with James. There is a storm brewing and
a good wind about, we flew our kites together, getting them 30m into the sky
and crashing them into each other. It was a fun afternoon activity.

James and I also cooked dinner together -- BBQ chicken, sweetcorn and a
coleslaw. I marinated the chicken breasts in a concoction of soy sauce,
worcestishire sauce, sweet chilli sauce, hot sauce and minced garlic. It turned
out really well but made a mess of the BBQ.

Watching episode 12 of DeathNote. Snacking on Dark Chocolate Digestives.

standup
-------

Going to try running a daily standup at 10am today. Not everyone on the team is
keen for a standup, but I think it would be a useful meeting.

Plan is to post a zoom link at 9:55am each day in #general along with an invite
to the rest of the team.

I want to enforce a hard time limit -- I'm thinking no more than 15 minutes max.

See how everyone is doing in the morning.

Everyone just states what they are working on today, try to keep it no more
than a minute each.

...

The first standup went quite well. We had Tim, Rowan, Andria and myself. I've
added it to the calendar and invited the rest of the team. Keen to keep it
light and social.
