Friday 29 Oct 2021
==================

Morning run along the Public Footpath to Ashprington and back (7.7m).

It's market day in Totnes.
I'm going to have vegan Paella for lunch, gonna be so good.
Pretty sure I'm going to get a pizza from Room 101 for dinner as well.
What a treat.

V for Vendetta
--------------

Such a great speech. Hugo Weaving is an amazing actor as well.

"Good evening, London. Allow me first to apologize for this interruption. I do,
like many of you, appreciate the comfort of everyday routine, the security of
the familiar, the tranquility of repetition. I enjoy them as much as any bloke.
But in the spirit of commemoration, whereupon important events of the past,
usually associated with someone's death or the end of some awful bloody
struggle, are celebrated with a nice holiday, I thought we could mark this
November the 5th, a day that is sadly no longer remembered, by taking some time
out of our daily lives to sit down and have a little chat. There are, of
course, those who do not want us to speak. I suspect even now, orders are being
shouted into telephones, and men with guns will soon be on their way."

"Why? Because while the truncheon may be used in lieu of conversation, words
will always retain their power. Words offer the means to meaning, and for those
who will listen, the enunciation of truth. And the truth is, there is something
terribly wrong with this country, isn't there? Cruelty and injustice,
intolerance and oppression. And where once you had the freedom to object, to
think and speak as you saw fit, you now have censors and systems of
surveillance coercing your conformity and soliciting your submission. How did
this happen? Who's to blame? Well, certainly, there are those who are more
responsible than others, and they will be held accountable. But again, truth be
told, if you're looking for the guilty, you need only look into a mirror. I
know why you did it. I know you were afraid. Who wouldn't be? War, terror,
disease."

"They were a myriad of problems which conspired to corrupt your reason and rob
you of your common sense. Fear got the best of you, and in your panic you
turned to the now high chancellor, Adam Sutler. He promised you order, he
promised you peace, and all he demanded in return was your silent, obedient
consent. Last night, I sought to end that silence. Last night, I destroyed the
Old Bailey to remind this country of what it has forgotten. More than four
hundred years ago, a great citizen wished to embed the fifth of November
forever in our memory. His hope was to remind the world that fairness, justice,
and freedom are more than words, they are perspectives. So if you've seen
nothing, if the crimes of this government remain unknown to you, then I would
suggest that you allow the fifth of November to pass unmarked. But if you see
what I see, if you feel as I feel, and if you would seek as I seek, then I ask
you to stand beside me, one year from tonight, outside the gates of Parliament,
and together we shall give them a fifth of November that shall never, ever be
forgot." - V
