Saturday 01 May 2021
====================

Waking up at 0700 to the sound of rustling sleeping bags and footsteps. The sun
had yet to rise, without my phone I thought it was 3am and that people were
keen to spot kiwis in the middle of the night. When I realised it was 7am I
decided to get out of bed myself and go for a morning walk, it's a great way to
start the day and I was hopeful to spot a kiwi - there were plenty of bird
calls to be heard. 

I was looking forward to brushing my teeth (I had forgotten to last night) but
to my surprise my toiletries bag was missing. I must not have packed it
yesterday. 

The hut fireplace had died to ash, but it was still much warmer inside the hut
than outside. I sat by the window and edited a video together from yesterdays
footage. I had issues trying to export it -- my phone is running short of
available storage. 

Most of the other trampers have left now, only one couple remains. I put my
pack on and head off around 9:30am. There is a little area on the beach where I
can get cell reception, so I let mum know that she won't hear from me for at
least 24 hours - as there is unlikely any signal at the next hut. 

The walking track went up and down over several hills, they weren't
particularly steep, but the compacted gravel track I was expecting had been
replaced with deep mud and water. I took my time and avoided getting my feet
dirty, stepping on slippery logs, forcing myself around the outside, through
the bush, under trees, anything to not have to get my shoes soaked. I had a few
close calls, nearly falling in but I made it to the hut with cleaner shoes than
my fellow trampers. 

I listened to music (my mixtape: "we know where, we just don't know when") and
a few podcasts (the anthropocene reviwed + offmenu + dan carlin's hardcore
history). 

I overtook the other trampers, I thought I was going pretty slow - taking my
time with the mud and stopping to film myself hiking - but the others must have
been walking even slower. At 3pm, I was the first person to arrive at the North
Arm hut -- the hut warden, Kate, greeted me, she was concerned that no one else
had arrived by now and was asking if I had noticed anything funny on the track.
I informed her that there were others on their way and they were all in good
shape. Kate has been living on Stewart Island since December. 

At 6pm Kate gave a short talk about the hut rules and suggestions on how to
best spot a kiwi. There was one seen here last night at 8:30pm. Kate suggests
the best time is in the morning, around sunrise. 

I was feeling exhausted with a slight headache, so I had a short nap for an
hour. I woke up feeling much better. I sat by the fire and typed out my journal
notes on my phone. 

At 2015 I put on my warm clothes and went out looking for kiwi...

Food
----

morning tea:
- 1 OSM bar
- 1 apple

lunch:
- 3 tortillas
- 1 packet tuna
- a few olives
- half tub of spinach and feta hummus
- a few pieces of capsicum and broccoli

- packet of unsalted nuts with m&ms mixed in

dinner:
- another 3 tortillas, same as lunch
- 1 apple
- 1 OSM bar
- 6 squares of chocolate
