Sunday 02 May 2021
==================

Last day walking along the Rakiura Track.

I woke up at 0630, dressed myself warmly and headed outside to try my luck with
the local kiwi. I waited patiently but heard no sign of the bird. Lucas was
also out at 7am but he had no luck either.

I sat and rested in the hut, the other trampers were awake now, preparing
breakfast and packing their bags. I helped clean the hut and then left around
0900. There was a light drizzle of rain, which wasn't a problem when walking
under the forest canopy.

Walking, walking, walking.
Mud, mud, mud.

Eating two OSM bars around 11am to keep me going until I get into town.

Listening to music and podcasts again. Started listening to Dan Carlin's King
of Kings pt. III.

Decide to walk the long way around Ryan's Creek.

Legs are starting to run out of steam.

Arrive at Oban around 2pm. Get cell reception, let mum know I'm alright.

Head directly to the Stewart Iland Backpackers. Reserve a bed in a dorm for 2
nights. Borrow a towel. My toiletries bag wasn't with my gear, it was at
reception. I must have left it in the room.

Brush my teeth and have a hot shower. Feels great.

Heading down to the 4-square. Bump into Lucas & Claire (fellow trampers from
the Rakiura track). Purchase snack food (apples, dates, peanut butter). Sit on
a bench at the bay and eat lots of fruit and peanut butter. Feels more
satisfactory than a pack of biscuits. The only annoyance is the occasional
sandfly.

I have the dorm room to myself. I clean my shoes and pants down with wet wipes,
they were muddy, but not as muddy as they could have been if I wasn't so
careful walking around the mud patches.

For dinner I grab a half scoop of chips and eat them with a tub of hummus. I'm
sitting on a bench by the bay again, it's slightly raining but at least the
sandflies have gone home.

travel
------

I am going to stay on Stewart Island for at least 2 more nights (including
tonight) and catch the ferry across the Foveaux Strait ($79). Will try to hitch
a ride to Invercargill.

Trying to keep track of which day it is… that means I am paid until Tuesday.
Might stay one more night?

I would like to do a tour over at Ulva Island tomorrow. It's only $20.

> Departs Golden Bay - 9am, 10am, 12pm, 2pm, 4pm
> Returns Ulva Island - 10.15am, 12.15pm, 2.15pm, 4.15pm

food
----

- 2 OSM bars

- 2 apples
- 1 packet of dates
- ½ jar of pics smooth panut butter
- 2 tortillas

- ½ scoop of chips
- 200g lisa's garlic/lemon hummus
- 1 small pack of chocolate m&m's

walk recomendations
-------------------

Lucas & Claire recommend the Copland track. It's near Haas, and the hut
(Welcome Flat) has hot pools!

london
------

Booked myself a ticket to London!  Flying out of Auckland on September 1st.
It's with Singapore airlines, which currently lets you reschedule your flight
for free -- you just pay the difference of the ticket.


