Saturday 26 Dec 2020
====================

- I woke up at 7:20am to an incoming video call from Jo! She is in Curaçao -
  fortunately the crew made it through the local bureaucracy and were allowed
  to go ashore. Jo is having a great christmas - most of the students on board
  are from Germany, and they had celebrated with german traditions on the 24th
  and british traditions on the 25th. She was telling me about a secret santa
  game where they wrapped up silly gifts to play. We chatted for 25 minutes but
  then Jo had to head back to the ship. The Pelican will soon be leaving for a
  week long voyage to Costa Rica!

- Dug out my old mish Chromebook and updated it to the latest version. Created
  a new Google account to use with it. I've installed docker -- planning to
  build pared down version of my shell image (just vim + git + ssh keys) to use
  with journaling. It's cool to see that it has support for the wacom tablet!

- I went out for a morning walk, stopping by Grøunded cafe for a spiced ginger
  latte (much better than the last one). I was going to sit inside and do some
  journaling, but the latte was served in a takeaway container, so I decided to
  just continue walking instead. Ended up sitting in the backyard on a beanbag
  with my laptop.

- I've started digitising my 2020 journal, starting from Week 1. I should have
  done this earlier. Reading through my past notes is a great for reflecting on
  my thoughts and goals. It's also giving me plenty of ideas on how to improve
  my digital journal -- I would love to find a way to integrate drawings into
  my notes, as well as a markup system for adding structure and color.

- Mum wants us to dress up as mexican musicians and play La Bamba. I don't
  quite see the connection to Christmas but it sounds like fun.

- I am pretty awful at remembering what happened the previous day.

- I have been practicing La Bamba on the guitar -- I've got the notes for the
  intro down, just need to get the rhythym right.

- Went out for an afternoon run around Arawa Park. 6km of running around with
  the soccer ball. Quite windy. Listening to "Celtic Holocaust" episode of
  Hardcore History.

- Big leftover dinner on the back deck with the family with a shot of Korean
  sake.

- My face is quite sunburnt. Is the sunscreen not working or have I just been
  careless?

- Trying to convince the family to all sing christmas carols! We were all
  seated in the lounge room and played "Jingle Bells" and "Good King Wenceslas"
  on the telly. Mum and I did most of the singing. Dad does a lot of singing in
  the shower but didn't seem to be in the mood this evening.

- Watching "Ninotchka" (1939). Another Ernst Lubitsch classic. Quite good but
  not as funny as some of his other films. Must have been quite an interesting
  film for the time.


Monty Python
------------

Sketch from the 28th episode of Monty Python's Flying Circus (1972).

               Son: Good evening, mother. Ah, good evening, Mrs. Nigger-Baiter.
Mrs. Nigger-Baiter: Ooh, he's walking already!
       Mrs. Shazam: Oh yes, he's such a clever little fellow, aren't you? Coochy coo…
Mrs. Nigger-Baiter: Hello, coochy coo…
               Son: Ha ha haa… yes…  (the son smiles a little tight smile)
       Mrs. Shazam: Hello, hello… (they chuck him under the chin)
Mrs. Nigger-Baiter: Look at him laughing… ooh, he's a chirpy little fellow. Yes, whose a chirpy little fellow, eh? Ooh, can he talk, can he talk, eh? eh?
               Son: Of course I talk, I'm Minister for Overseas Development.
Mrs. Nigger-Baiter: Ooh, he's a clever little boy, isn't he? He's a clever little fellow. (gets out a rattle) Do you like your rattle? Do you like your little rattle?
               Son: Oh yes the rattle, yes very good, yes.
Mrs. Nigger-Batier: Look at at his iggy piggy cheeky little eyeballs eh… oo… he's got a tubby tum-tum. Oh, he's got a tubby tum-tum.
               Son: (whilst Mrs. Nigger-Baiter is talking) Mother, could I have a quick cup of tea please. I have an important statement about Rhodesia to make in the Commons tomorrow.
(Sound of an explosion out of vision. Cut to reveal Mrs. Nigger-Baiter's chair charred and smoking. Mrs. Nigger-Baiter is no longer there. The upholstery is smoldering gently.)
       Mrs. Shazam: Oh, Mrs. Nigger-Baiter's exploded.
               Son: Good thing, too.
       Mrs. Shazam: She was my best friend.
               Son: Oh, mother, don't be so sentimental. Things explode every day.
       Mrs. Shazam: Yes, I suppose so. Anyway, I didn't really like her really.
