Sunday 27 Dec 2020
==================

Chores
------

- [x] Purchase more sunscreen

Future Happiness
----------------

- Another game of RISK with my friends. Perhaps try the "capitals" variant?
- Sailing on Percy's Revenge with Goodall and Anna
- Hanging out with Ivan in Christchurch

Development Plan
----------------

This week: focus on getting Mish Guru to run.

Try getting up at 6am and working for a few hours each morning.

- complete refactor of ReceiveSnap
- complete the mishguru/storage library as a wrapper around S3
- test: receive directly sent snaps
- test: downloading content from public stories

Distractionless
---------------

I have set up a light weight build of my stayradiated/shell Docker image on the
chromebook. I am taking inspiration from Devine Lu Linvega and trying out a
"distractionless" editing experience. I know that if I have easy access to the
internet that I end up spending far more time consuming content than creating
it.

The idea is to have a laptop that is designed just for writing. The chromebook
works quite well for this, it's durable, has a great battery life and isn't
designed to do too much. All I need to do is to make sure that I disable wifi.

Videos
------

I was reminded of my goal at the start of the year to record a video each day.
I think I was far too ambitious, but I love the idea.

I think I could achieve a more pathetic attempt -- post a 10 second video to
online each day. This could be too YouTube or Snapchat -- though ideally I
would have a backup of it. Might be a good excuse to finally set up my Snapchat
syncing server.

I think the ideal length of each video should be 10 seconds. I could imagine a
project at the end of 2021 were I join all the videos together in a montage.

...

I did it! I published a short 10 second video of the hailstorm. I tried using
iMovie but it doesn't support vertical video. I tried a bunch of other video
editors but they all want silly subscription money. The best editor I have
found so far is called "VN" -- Video Now. It has a bunch of features and
appears to be free? They don't even require an account to use…

I will keep using it tomorrow and report back.

Farmer's Market
--------------

It's a beautiful morning out (the forecast is for HEAVY RAIN this afternoon).

I am out at the Rotorua Farmers Market this morning with my chromebook. Mum
said she was keen to come along ++ Chris and Anna might also make an
appearance!

So mum got distracted sorting out the tupperware… but Chris and Anna showed up!
We had a coffee, croissant and a good chat. Brief wander around the market and
then down to the lake front. 

We stopped by the Lakes Care pharmacy (chris needed to grab something) and I
took the opportunity to grab a 400ml bottle of Neutrogena Beach Sunblock for
$30. Hopefully should last a bit longer than the the spray bottles.

This mornings music is provided by the couple Izzy and Moe
(https://izzyandmoemusic.com)

Walking
-------

Around midday, Mum and I went out for another short walk around the block. I
think mum is starting to understand the benefits of getting out of the house.
We passed by a box marked "FREE" on Ashley street - mum picked out four feet
for holding pot plants.

Quotes
------

"The best time to start a new year's resolution is right now."

- me, yesterday

Weather
-------

The morning was lovely and sunny but in the afternoon we had a crazy
thunder-hail-storm! Fortunately we were prepared and had packed all the gear up
outside.

I spent most of the afternoon sorting out my bedroom. I've installed a new
blind (replacing some old curtains) and further reduced the amount of
furniture. I've also finally set up the Belkin Wemo lightbulb, it now
automatically turns on/off in the evenings. 

Evening
-------

- Sliced Ham, Beetroot and Roast Veggies for dinner
- Custard & Steamed Christmas Pudding for dessert
- We all enjoyed three rounds of Telestrations
- I tried to put on the James Cagney movie "One, Two Three", but the two DVD
  players we had were both not working. Managed to get the disc stuck in one of
  them and then the other started working. Watched 2 episodes of Mr. Bean.
  Rowan Atkinson is execellent at physical comedy.
